what you doing where's the ball
pick it up Merlin pick up the toy
yeah you tell that nasty ol ball to give
up your carrot yes yep
it's a baby pets mama's boy yeah if you
have good bunny dreams today hmm
he's still mad at that part
say goodbye goodbye hey medic come to
mummy huh come here baby bring the ball
bring mom to the ball question here push
it here come on honey come on bring it
over here yeah come on push it again
push it over here Oh No push push honey
Oh this way it doesn't roll right does
it no it doesn't roll I you just don't
know what to do you want that damn care
that's it over here come on rissa toy
give mommy toy nope nope bring mommy the
toy honey hi hi yes you're so sweet he's
so sweet